It is difficult to remain confident about your body, especially in today’s day and age. Studies show that nearly 10 million people in the United States alone suffer from body dysmorphia. This body dysmorphia can lead to suicidal thoughts or behavior, eating disorders, or substance misuse. It also often leads to the idealization of unrealistic beauty standards that can be difficult and unhealthy to maintain. Patients suffering from BDD often limit themselves to the brink of starvation to sustain a skinny body frame. Such starvation makes victims more susceptible to cardiovascular and gastrointestinal diseases, and in more serious cases may lead to death. It is vital that the afflicted know that the attainment of such beauty standards are unrealistic, and that it is important to eat a healthy and balanced diet. The rise of sentiment encouraging starvation will only worsen the conditions of patients with eating disorders, delaying progress and further damaging to mental and physical health. 
This report presents 3 NLP models that predict thinspiration sentiment. These models use the properties of CNN and LSTM to identify sentiment encouraging eating disorders with an accuracy of 94%. By accurately flagging these unhealthy attitudes, we can provide online social media websites with means of quickly and reliably preventing thinspiration content before it is able to inflict any damage. Although current guidelines for most social media prohibit content that promotes eating disorders, unfortunately such content still appears and can only be removed through flagging or reporting. The automation of flagging content can help reduce how long the post remains online. 
This report presents two types of text analysis to further understand the sentiment behind thinspirational social media posts. LIME analysis is used to highlight the importance of certain keywords in a paragraph. LIME works by treating the machine learning model as a black box and modifying the changing the input values and observing the effects it has on the output values. By treating the model as a black box, LIME is able to analyze complicated machine learning algorithms without having to learn anything about how the algorithm works internally. Through LIME analysis we are able to highlight various sample sentences to see the importance that individual words have on overall sentiment. 
To further understand how thinspiration sentiment is analyzed and the different forms it can take, text clustering is used to group similar text sentiment together. This is done using tf-idf vectors, which rank important terms in the document and normalize the count and frequency of each word to account for smaller documents. By ranking important words, we are able to cluster text with similar rankings together to get a fairly accurate representation of similar ideas present. Through the identification and analysis of thinspiration data, this paper serves as a starting point for a safer online environment.
